** file should be removed before final commit **

Workshop flow:

My conundrum: Do I teach how to install Git?

Installing git pros:
Accurate to real world workflows.
Directly applicable to current projects.

Cons:
Many people may not have git installed on their computer, the set up process is
different per operating system. Would have to dedicate a large amount of
workshop time to installation instructions. The primary focus of the workshop
should be learning how to use git. Applying it per person should be an
individual activity.

Using GitHub Codespaces pros:
Zero overhead, more time to learn the various ins and outs of git.

Cons:
Level of abstraction that is confusing for new users. 
Need to accurately explain this abstraction.

Students would leave with a better understanding of git, but no direct way to
apply this to their own workflow.

Workshop flow:

1) Introduction, explain why git is useful, brief history.

Explain what a repository is.

Clone repository so there so students have the guide.
	Could just make their own repository, both would work.

Work will be done inside this repository.

2) Explain the config files:

Show the levels of configs

Have students set the basic settings: name, email, branch

3) Make the first commit:

Create a new file and edit it.

Add it,

git status

Then commit it.

5) Explain the .git/ directory.

git log

Explain some of the inner workings of the git directory, how we basically save
an snapshot of the repository. 

5) Make another commit

Show how the git log changed.

Explain internals more

6) Teach branching

Explain why branches are useful.

Show creating branch and switching between branches.

Create a commit or two on the branch.

7) Merge branch into main.

Show the process of merging.

Show git log

Explain how the merged commit has two parents. Explain how this not optimal and
could cause issues with reverting.

8) Rebase

Explain what rebasing is, why it is better for managing branches.

Create a new branch, make a new commit. 

Switch to main, make a new commit.

git log.

rebase the new branch. 

9) Reset

Explain what resetting is and why it is useful.

Make a commit, then soft reset it.
git status
show that the worktree is the same, and therefore the staged files are the same.
git log, show that the commit is redone.

Make another commit, then hard reset it.
Show that we have been taken back in time (worktree and commit reset)

10) Remote

Create a new local repository.

git remote add <the repo we were working in previously>

git log
show that it is empty

git fetch

git log
show that the log is the same as the other repository.
but the work tree is still empty

git pull, show that we have all the same files as the previous.

Create a new branch

Make a commit on this new repo,
git push

Go back into the other repo

switch to the new branch.

show that the changes are there.

11) Explain that this is the process that github uses


